# Day 1/100

### Starting a 100-days challenge today. 

This isn't necessarily only about coding or techonology, but learning & developing my skills in those topics is absolutely part of the goal. 
That said, I have no shortage of personal goals, including regarding better time management, organization & productivity, eating better, and being overall more intentional and behaving more in line with values I have - even if the actions I take don't always align with them. 
**_This is about establishing that alignment._**

The one-liner at the top of the page is the mindset I'm trying to establish in these early days. I find that I feel best when I am productive and I takes steps towards my goals. That doesn't mean I love the fact of establishing that self-discipline, but I definitely appreicate the feelings that follow at the end of a day of good action. Filling my days with good, intentional action is the best way I can readily identify at this moment that leads unquestionably towards overall improvement.

-----
#### So, with no further adieu: just what did I accomplish today?
  - set up this Jekyll blog, which took substantially longer than I would like. (it also led to decent project ideas for me in the future - like moving a blog to it's own storage, and figuring out how to write the post on my own "computer" instead of in GitHub & pushing (is that the word?) the update to the site from the command line.)
  - cracked into the very-basic basics of writing in markdown
  - had an intentional breakfast of chicken breast, eggs, and fresh fruit
  - drafted a seperate essay (which may or may not get published in the future) outlining these goals to at least myself
  - basic household tasks: laundry, cleaning kitchen, dishes, etc.
  - critical so far: NO mindless wasteful activities a la numbing, time sucking & battery draining iPhone games
  - long puppy walk (this wasn't a HIKE, but it was 2 miles of good walking with plenty of time for Pip to enjoy her sniffs)
  
  #### Ideas for the rest of day?
  - continue mindful eating
  - read
  - finish cleaning/straightening apartment space
  - see if I can find a pair & put this link out in any of my incredibly-atrophied social media accounts
