tried something new - got up, and immediately got to the learning-laptop (which is what i'm calling this semi-ancient T430 now running a slightly stale version of linux mint).
popped out the rest of the CSS classes on fCC, and moving into Applied Visual Design. 

i find myself torn in four direction: 
- pursuing my own "projects" even though they're somewhat aimless; like working git & updating this blog from terminal. i feel like this forces me to learn differently.
- learning computer science (a la CS50), since i think i fall waaaay short in understanding basic theory of CS & probably lack in the math side - though i don't know by how much.
- learning about network security (hackthissite.org, or purusing CompTIA certs) since this is interesting to me and i appreciate the idea of looking for holes and learning how to fix them & protect assets
- web design & data science, since this fully seems to be where we are when we talk about careers & jobs today.

i'm going to start reading about compsci/coding -- i've picked up a few books like Coders, Code, Software Dev Handbook, Tribe of Hackers -- that, together, could help me stay inspired AND moving forward. i think a major pitfall for me in running through any of these pre-bootcampy guided lessons is a general bleh, a languid feeling that sets in quickly since i'm absent a rudder. i need a rudder. i need a project; one less nascent then "oh i'd rather code than do my nomal day job" because honestly, sometimes, i wonder if that's true, and i can only faintly make out the outline of the path from here to there. (i mean, it probably is, but i would be happiest at least initially finding a way for the two to co-exist.)
